---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coolify_servers Data Source - coolify"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a list of all Coolify servers.
---

# coolify_servers (Data Source)

Retrieves a list of all Coolify servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "coolify_servers" "all" {}

output "server_ips" {
  value = [for s in data.coolify_servers.all.servers : s.ip]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block Set) Filter results by field values. Multiple filters are ANDed together. Multiple values within a filter are ORed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))

### Read-Only

- `servers` (Attributes List) The list of servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--servers))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) The field name to filter by.
- `values` (Set of String) The values to match against. Multiple values are ORed.


<a id="nestedatt--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servers`

Read-Only:

- `concurrent_builds` (Number) How many deployments can run in parallel on this server.
- `connection_timeout` (Number) SSH connection timeout in seconds.
- `deployment_queue_limit` (Number) Maximum number of queued deployments.
- `description` (String) A description of the server.
- `dynamic_timeout` (Number) Timeout in seconds for Docker operations (pull, build, health check) during deployment.
- `ip` (String) The IP address of the server.
- `is_build_server` (Boolean) Whether this server is used for building applications.
- `is_reachable` (Boolean) Whether the server is currently reachable.
- `is_usable` (Boolean) Whether the server is currently usable for deployments.
- `name` (String) The name of the server.
- `port` (Number) The SSH port of the server.
- `server_disk_usage_check_frequency` (String) Cron expression for how often disk usage is checked.
- `server_disk_usage_notification_threshold` (Number) Disk usage percentage at which a notification is sent.
- `user` (String) The SSH user for connecting to the server.
- `uuid` (String) The unique identifier of the server.
